Christian Rei, 0832859, Assignment 3 OOP, Friday, November 28, 2014

Testing Document

Case 1: Start Time and End Time input

This part of the code in the add feature is checked to see if the times
make sense. An ending time cannot be before a starting time Also both 
individual time inputs are checked for the proper formatting. They must 
be integers and there must be a comma seperating each number so it can 
be properly stored in the constructor. The method returns false right
away if there is anything wrong with either time input after enter is
pressed. Otherwise true is passed and the activity is added or searched
for.

Enter a starting time (year, month, day, hour, minute)
1,1,12312 (Not a proper input, methods are used to determine this)
Message:
Error: Error: Input is invalid, activity not added.
Enter a starting time (year, month, day, hour, minute)
1,1,1,1,2 (Correct format)
Enter an ending time (year, month, day, hour, minute)
1,1,1,1,1 (Correct format but end time can't be less than or equal to start time)
Error: Input is invalid, activity not added.
Enter a starting time (year, month, day, hour, minute)

Case 2: Activity ComboBox Input

The choice of activity is in the form of a combo box since there is only
three choices. This helps the user know and only be able to input things
that would work. I put a choice called "Choose Activity" because there
was problems starting off with one of the three choices. It could not be
used right away because the listener hadn't gone off yet so it was
easier to just make the user have to select something so they listener
listens to the ComboBox. 

Type: Choose Activity
Error: Input is invalid, activity not added. (If enter is hit)
Type: Home
(this would work depending on the input)

Case 3: Lack of input for Title

Searching for an activity without the title is not logical and it was
specified in the asssignment description that the user cannot search for
an activity without the title. If the input in the title box is just ""
then the lack of input will be caught otherwise all other input for
title is acceptable.

Title: 
Error: Title must have an input.
Title: hello
(this would be acceptable when enter is pressed so if there is an error
it would not be because of title)
